Hey, what's going on, guys, today?
I have a coding interview question, and it's a question that's asked by Amazon.
And in this problem we're given a binary tree and we need to check whether it is a mirror of itself.
So we're going to solve this one recursively.
So let's get right to it.
To solve this problem, you are given a function called symmetric and which takes a binary tree right
here and we need to return.
True, if the binary tree is a mirror of itself or false if it is not.
So we have to design an algorithm where we use recursion.
So here is a definition of recursion in computer science.
Recursion is a method of solving a problem where the solution depends on solutions to smaller instances
of the same problem.
So let me explain right here.
So basically this can be split up into two.
So this is the left triangle and this is the right triangle.
And what are we going to do is we're going to have a recursion.
So first we're going to pass in the parent, which is to end this.
And so this is the left side and that this is the right side.
And we're going to check.
Are these the same?
Yes, they are all the same.
So then we're going to pass in the child, so left and the right child and check if these are same and
these are the same.
So then we're going to pass this child.
The turn and the vice chair and see D.R.C..
So these are actually notes and this is a and this is also a note.
So these are saying.
So then what's going to happen because of the coercion, we're going to go back up to the parent note
again and we're going to pass the right child first.
And from here, we're going to pass the left child and then we're going to check again this to say,
yes, these are saying so then we're going to go to the left child.
And passing the right time from here.
Check this out now.
So these are saying the right and the left in Chapter 13.
And so that's since all of these are the same and they are the exact mirror of each other.
So we're going to try to be true.
So basically in code, this is called root.
And we're going to, first of all, check if this is, you know, and if it's enough, then we want
to turn it true, because if there's only one note that it's a measure of itself, even though it's
not, it's a mirror of itself.
So we're going to try to be true because there's only one note.
And then we're going to do is create a recursive function.
So that you can evaluate all of these and these, would you consider its own true.
So this would be Treehorn.
And this would be tree to.
OK, and then we're going to check, so if every one is equal to know or treat, two is equal to.
Then we want to check if either this one all and also this one to so both are knowing that we can just
return it.
True, but if one is in all and one is likely to say no to.
So then we have to then we have to try and false.
OK, so now that we have done the mulcher cottage to now we know that there is a value.
So how are we going to do that?
We're going to try to get the value of this inventory dargavel to get the value of this.
So this is pretty long and this is true, too.
And then we're going to check if these these values are not equal.
They were just going to return false.
OK, otherwise, we have to pull over to check.
If these are both are low then or good.
And these both have the same value that you also get.
So what we can do is we can check the children on these.
So these would be like the parents and these would be like the children.
So in this, what you can do in a recursion way, they can check if you don't let.
The sequel to Tree to Tree to right.
If these are people that this will go on to the next one tree dot, one tree, one left and tree to
correct.
And we're going to check like that, so let's check those.
You also have another condition.
So we're going to do and.
Tree one, right, is equal to tree to the left.
So that's how we're going to check them and what's happening.
Each one is going through checking if these are there.
No.
For the EU to have value and they're not equal, so if they're not equal, what you want to do is return
false and.
These are not symmetric.
But if these are symmetric, there is this is a no.
This is a no.
And so that we're going to return it.
True for the.
OK, and what's going to happen to recursion is going to bounce back up to the parent, right?
And then we're going to go to the left side of this one and the right side of this one, so then we're
going to go to the right side of tree one and left side of tree two, and we're going to check out these,
not the hospital after these have value.
Are these the same values as the same values?
So we'll go on to the children, so we'll go to the right.
This and the lack of this and we're going to check out these guys is unknown and they are saying so
we can go to the next part, which is the left of this one in the right of this one.
And we're going to check out these little.
These are not these are both saying so they're symmetric.
And that's what these both triangles are the same and we're going to return true for this.
All right, guys.
So here we have the function is symmetric and it takes a binary tree.
So first we're going to check.
So first it starts with the root to the binary tree has a root and we're going to check if it equals
to know if it equals to know, then it's a mirror of itself and there's only one node.
So the one node is a mirror of itself.
So it is same.
So we're going to return a true.
Otherwise, we're going to go and check the children of that group, so we have a function called Ismir
and we're taking the routes left side and roots right side.
So what that means is the first with the left side is tree one and the right side is tree to OK, and
then we're going to check is a tree one equal to no or there's a tree to equal to know if any of these
are equal to don't.
We're going to end up in this condition.
We're going to check if tree one is equal to tree too.
So if both are null, then of course it's going to return a true and we're done.
But if one is a null and other one is a number, then they are not equal to each other, is going to
return false and we're done.
So these are not normal, then we're going to move on to this condition or we're going to check the
value so everyone has a well, which is a value entry to has a well.
So we're going to check if they're not equal to each other, if this isn't.
This one is one and this one is two.
That there's not equal to each other.
Then we're going to return a false.
But if they're equal to each other, this is a two and this is a two, then what we can do is we can
move on to this this condition right here where we're going to do the whole recursion.
So this is where we do all the recursion and we're going to check all the children of this two trees
like I showed on the whiteboard.
So we're going to pass in the tree ones left and the tree to his right and we're going to check all
these conditions again.
And then we're going to check tree ones.
Right, and tree to his left and check all these conditions again.
So after that, we're going to bounce back to the parent like I showed on the whiteboard, and then
it's going to again check all of those conditions until.
It has already checked it, both sides are a mirror image of each other, and if it's a mirror, then
we just return to true.
But if any of the nodes are not a there, then we're going to return a false.
And that's that's pretty much it.
If you have any questions, then leave your questions in the comment and I will get back to you.